hi welcome to you on facebook
cooking then today we end up
in company two with cgil dropped
new design so here I am
a little bit in the middle of two barracks
and then I decided to show them
that we can make fast-food breast or
less the healthiest possible
so let's go for a recipe of
nuggets lighten up so for the
ingredients it's very healthy go ahead
egg two chicken cutlets 100 g of
flour and 100 g of muscular cereal and
after you can smoke a little bit of
desert paprika salt and pepper
part the sgo so to start it's
really very simple there we have the mixture
of eight beds so that we will try to
mix as best you can if you do not
no mixer you can of course the
to do with a knife then after having
added the preparation h and in a
plate
we come to put the flour and there we see
well seasoned with pepper
paprika and those with herbs
mix well once you
have finished you will be able to add
a dose of tasteless protein and
then we will not lead the nuggets
so for cooking nuggets like
it's light we'll take a sheet of
aluminum foil and we'll add a
little oil
I recommend olive oil
so now we're not going to be born
chickens so that's very simple
you take the pieces of nuggets
we just put a shot in the
flour then once in the egg
I added a little bit of milk
but it's not obligatory you
deceived
here is the nugget in this preparation
we come back in the flour
and you 're going to do it again
and we will be able to go to cooking
so let's go for cooking so
we will do this in the oven at 180 °
about 15 minutes and then you can
return to half cooking and add
a little oil if you want to get
a crispy crust
so that's it here is the result we have
really pretty nagat I will try
to show you that look hands
who is coming
we have a breadcrumb that looks like a little
little of kfc breadcrumbs so I find
that sounds very good we can
enjoy at the e10 is gone in barrels
on jimmy no frankly I like
alright but I think it can be
really very very good with a little bit of
sauce so if there is opportunity to eat
that and that he has average years
maybe ketchup house type thuraya
but I find it nice and worse
it's not bad but frankly the
same meaning to the second I find it very
well finally I'm not sure Jerome
car so here I hope that the
recipe you even more if it's the case
do not hesitate to like to put a little
comment and then I hope especially that
the rosette will want more at the top of the
top super good but in any case it's a
recipe that I will redo with great
pleasure
So that's already something
of positive and then ben if you too
you make the recipe do not hesitate to
send me your photos with the hashtag
famous cuisine on instagram and then
you can go see the chain of
two cocos next to there that make the
muscu it's frankly well explained and
then if you want to subscribe to my
chain to just be you click
on us and that's known me a
small equally at full of recipes
nice and on this chao just something
our channel tv10 time on the channel and
coconut